### SAW (Squad Automatic Weapon)

#### Tier I Attachment
**Extended Magazine**: You may reroll 2 Ammo Die per downtime.
**Improved Storage**: Add +1 Ammo Die.
**Flashlight**: Sheds bright light in a 15 foot cone and can be activated or deactivated as a Tertiary Operation.

#### Tier II Attachment
**Barrel Stabilizer**: Add +10 feet of range.
**Blunted Bullets**: When hit by an attack, targets within 10 feet are pushed back up to 10 feet if they are size medium or smaller, or up to 5 feet if they are size large.

#### Tier III Attachment
**Impact Rounds**: Add +4 (1d6) damage to any damage dealt.
**Armor Piercing Rounds**: Add +5 (1d8) to any damage dealt against shields.
**High Caliber Rounds**: Add +5 (1d8) to any damage dealt against health.

#### Tier IV Attachment
**Laser Sights**: Increase the Dodge DC by +10.
**Sonic Blast**: Instead of making an attack with this weapon, the assault rifle can be used to produce a sonic shockwave. Any creatures in a 15 foot cone must succeed on the dodge or be exposed to the Deafened effect for 3 turns. This can be done 5 times per downtime.

#### Tier V Attachment
**Hair Trigger**: You may make an additional attack with this weapon.
**Penetrant Rounds**: Cover Negation increases to Sturdy.

#### Tier VI Attachment
**Overheating Chamber**: After losing an ammo die, the heat generated by the continuous firing is stored in a second chamber, and can be released as a Secondary Operation, emitting fire in a 10 foot line that deal 4 (1d6) Thermal damage for each ammo die lost during that combat encounter, to a maximum of 4d6. The Dodge DC for this attack is equal to the weapon's Dodge DC. After being used once, the damage resets to 0 and further ammo die must be lost for the attack to be used.
**Grenade Underbarrel**: In exchange for a single attack with this weapon, you may fire a single frag grenade with a 40 foot range. You can store up to 4 grenades at one time and it takes a Secondary Operation to reload each grenade.
