## Basic Rules
### What is Break of Dawn?  
Break of Dawn is a tabletop roleplaying game based on the Halo franchise set anytime during, preceding, or succeeding the main storyline. You and your fireteam of Spartans, each with a unique skill set, is tasked with carrying out missions necessary to the survival of Earth and her colonies. You may find yourself allying with the Arbiter and his Swords of Sanghelios to infiltrate a Covenant war base, assassinating a high-profile Banished target, or even fighting off hordes of flood-infected marines. The actions taken by you and your fireteam may very well decide the fate of humanity and change the course of history. Good luck soldier, and remember, Spartans never die- they just go MIA.

### Fireteam
The gameplay of Break of Dawn is centered around a unit of player-controlled Spartans called a Fireteam. Individual members of the Fireteam will have unique skills and abilities that come from their Homeworld, background and class. A Spartan’s class represents the role they will play in their Fireteam. This is expanded upon in [[Classes]].

### Dice, DC, and Other Abbreviated Terms  
Throughout this Tactical Guide, there will be many instances where dice will need to be rolled to determine damage, a certain outcome, or other variable circumstances. Standard dice sets have 2-sided, 4-sided, 6-sided, 8-sided, 12-sided, 20-sided, and 100-sided dice that are used in various situations. For simplicity, this Tactical Guide refers to dice in relation to how many sides they have. For example, a d100 is a 100-sided dice, a d20 is a 20-sided dice, a d12 is a 12-sided dice, etc.

Additionally, many weapons, abilities, and other aspects of the game refer to what is known as a “DC.” This is an abbreviation for “Difficulty Class” and designates the number you must roll to succeed on an interaction, attack, or other action. Unless otherwise stated, a roll equal to or exceeding the DC number is considered a success, while one rolled below the DC is considered a failure.

### Rules of Enagagement
A Spartan is a living weapon; a human being modified and trained to the very pinnacle of martial capability for the sole purpose of defending humanity across a myriad of frontiers. As such, the first and foremost duty of a Spartan is to be a shield between the human race and those who would do them harm, making Combat the mainstay of the Spartan experience. *Break of Dawn* reflects this by centering the game around Combat and Warfare, as well as other elements such as exploration, investigation, and even social interaction that may serve as facets of the multifarious missions Spartans find themselves dispatched on. 